the Phoenix Art Tour is a full-size
minimalist designed keyboard complete
with gold-plated Cherry MX brown
switches click the link in the video
description to learn more all right are
you ready for this
I'm good to go I'm ready it's a good
thing you didn't show me this during job
interviews
I know thanks for the specs mantis well
no you had your you to follow it hours
make your USBs week that focus what it
was shot on so it's one of those flip HD
like all-in-one vertical cameras are you
sure it's a Flex HD maybe not HD it's a
blimp I remember it wasn't just the D
haha some games where this helps in
games really easy face yes you
definitely need in Cairo for legally yes
no wife and I are just talking about the
lights on the num lock and the caps lock
keys oh right easy to so interesting
they're bright and easy to see look at
your hair I know some things never
change dude like I want to come across
the runway who shot this could they not
tell it wasn't focusing that's my mom I
don't even know if those head screens on
the tag so maybe not they might have I
don't remember very nice carry oh how
many times you're gonna say this
particular keyboard next well probably
quite a dual layer PCB that's just
meaning a higher quality I can see that
so right
I feel like I'm enjoying the boxing like
and the icon makes no sense it doesn't
help at all anyway you don't
accidentally press wind along
your game a video game look at that hair
how many cowlicks is that you know
what's scary about this is I see hints
of my own unboxing style yeah like
talking to the camera person be like so
come on oh yeah it's a very nice
carrying case the duck gives you with
the cord the first thing I notice is
that dead-ass red pixel in the middle
that's what I know yep
this is just a cover it's not actually
like a bossy finish
thanks thanks tips why would I think
that's what it is hahaha especially when
I take the whole thing it's like there's
my magic glossy paint removal hey I've
seen this keyboard yes few times which
one is this so this is all of them
essentially this is the one that was in
the mineral oil video this is the one
that I repaired is one with all the
signatures on the back yep yep
so it's bare right now but all the
signatures come in later okay I do like
the ducky style feet though bro let's
talk seriously for a minute very good
well they all one of them is piece of
4.0 divers all around up here the red
part oh wow just because you didn't
notice they were under the red they were
under that well I'm glad you covered
that for me verbally I couldn't see this
is nice gold plated USB cable oh the
gold plating doesn't actually help
transfer speed at all all the gold
plating is for is a stable connection
absolutely oh let's rub against each
other and make a better direction
I'm sorry so I mean the gold on the
outside of the connector there's there's
no data you know this you know this now
which is why you're laughing at you now
I had looked this up at the time and
found some article that was like it's
better for a more stable connection and
then I said it and when I wash this back
like a couple days ago it's just like no
no why I mean it at least you can take
solace in that
this was never published on the Internet
until now are you gonna tell me what
color these are this particular color
ticular give your w a s and D keys Oh
the W a s and B don't call it thanks D
and not that you can read them just kind
of like you know what's nice and flashy
you saying yeah these keys are just the
ducky branding keys these can be
replaced with really any of the general
form factor keys on the keyboard are you
not you know if you folks out there at
home believe that you better go watch
his ultimate key cap replaces yeah I'd
be up yeah much better
our most unexpected 1 million view video
yes thanks to its somehow came from this
you hear that audibly hear you got that
right at least nothing really happens
right away but once I get deep enough
hear that click you hear an audible
feedback when I'm Dupin I I'm ducking
the innuendo yeah if you just go down
you can not much delay before you can
press that key again it's nice
functionality good for typing good for
gaming good for what kind of bookkeeping
problem what else is there what do you
do with a keyboard just get packaged
goodbye what are you even talking about
I don't know and that'll be it thanks
for checking in i forgot the name
hahahaha
okay i got a pro tip for the amateur and
boxers out there that pull that this is
what i used to do
i'd have the box ready already so I
could read off it no that makes sense
okay now it's not actually done it's not
done there's more of this
yes oh really because I realize after I
was done filming I was like I need to
say more stuff so just added another
part two on it instead of refill mning
and maybe doing my hair you do realize
you already did the outranks yep
although I can't really fault you for
here's to do that sometimes bigger yep
in case they make sure you have that
smile how happy he is with himself
making a video on the internet you can
see okay you can see the mineral here in
the background nice for one that's the
glute of the blue you're like still
living at home here listen you this I
was xx very sturdy keyboard is like some
weight to it keyboard has some weight to
it we're missing some gems here I mean
you didn't cover the waist in part one
I'm glad you're covering that it has
some weight to it you're still talking
about it it's very sturdy you drop it
it's still around when going to a land
or something that is going to be okay
it's got some way to it's not just a
fragile little piece of still going how
many times are you gonna say about some
weight to it a lot of people like it
even with the numpad off of the keyboard
just for spacing and all that kind of
stuff on their table I like it on
certain link yeah backlights mainly back
the keys are awesome
although ducky is in production and R&D
of a backlit ducky named the ducky shine
there's so we're looking for five yeah I
got you shine yes this is pretty
defeated while this was before you could
buy these in American other than
imported what I want to know is why you
didn't see our TV coming how you were
covering stuff you didn't already fellas
yeah you could hear it a lot you can
hear it twice in fact you can have it
explained to you twice absolutely
just because you didn't get it the first
line is loud also this particular model
has ABS caps TBT cap sir it's pretty
also mentioned before up yep like right
like the first thing he says brushed
though they are very what is sand rush
is that cone with a brick I thought my
ABS calves would hold up very well
because it's not like they're low
quality caps to just be cows are better
like I'm doing anytime so no I don't
know I don't know that I would have
liked it to be backlit but really those
are some pretty minor negatives other
than that it's cute what's got all
winners in care over USB is pretty
awesome there's some one of the weight
of keyboards awesome all the way the
keyboard away you can't forget the way
to thank you for watching this unboxing
and review of the ducky do review please
don't know does it have some weight to
it no ha not want him to tell me it has
weight to it again please
oh dude
Braintree is code for easy online
payments if you're building a mobile app
and searching for a simple payment
solution well check Braintree out with
brain trees vi0 SDK which is one small
snippet of code you are all set up in
less than 10 minutes and they even have
support staff ready to walk you through
the process over the phone if you do
need them their code supports Android
iOS and JavaScript clients and they even
have SDKs in seven different programming
languages they make it easy to offer
mobile payment types including PayPal
Apple pay Bitcoin venmo
Android pay credit cards and more all
with a simple single integration to
learn more and for your first fifty
thousand dollars in transactions fee
free go to Braintree payments comm slash
Linus alright guys thanks for watching I
hope I've come quite away since then but
I guess you're the ones that will tell
me that let me know the comments down
below what you thought about this video
it's not like I can create any more of
them so I guess there's that unless we
start looking back at like videos that
we've filmed that are actually on the
channel that could kind of be an
entertaining way to do things anyways
like - really if you liked it dislike if
you disliked it get subscribed either
way by something at Amazon I don't think
you can buy that keyboard anymore but I
still love it and use it everyday also
in the description down below you can
see a link to buy a shirt you can talk
about how terrible I was or possibly am
at making videos on the forum down below
as well and check out this video which
is the ultimate keycap replacement guide
that was mentioned - part way through
the video that you're watching right now
I'll see you guys later